Update metrics documentation (#384)
signalfx/signalfx-dotnet-tracing: docs/metrics.md

| `runtime.dotnet.gc.memory_load` | The percentage of the total memory used by the process. The GC changes its behavior when this value gets above 85. (.NET Core only) | Gauge |
| `runtime.dotnet.gc.pause_time` | The amount of time the GC paused the application threads. (.NET Core only) | Gauge |
| `runtime.dotnet.gc.size.gen0` | The size of the gen0 heap. | Gauge |
| `runtime.dotnet.gc.size.gen1` | The size of the gen1 heap. | Gauge |
| `runtime.dotnet.gc.size.gen2` | The size of the gen2 heap. | Gauge |
| `runtime.dotnet.gc.size.loh` | The size of the large object heap.| Gauge |
| `runtime.dotnet.mem.committed` | Memory usage. | Gauge |
| `runtime.dotnet.threads.contention_count` | The number of times a thread stopped to wait on a lock. | Counter |
| `runtime.dotnet.threads.contention_time` | The cumulated time spent by threads waiting on a lock (.NET Core only). | Gauge |
| `runtime.dotnet.threads.count` | The number of threads that were running in the process. | Counter |
| `runtime.dotnet.threads.workers_count` | The number of threads that existed in the threadpool. (.NET Core only) | Gauge |

### Additional permissions for IIS

> On .NET Framework, metrics are collected using performance counters.
> Users in non-interactive logon sessions
> (that includes IIS application pool accounts and some service accounts)
> must be added to the **Performance Monitoring Users** group to access counter data.
> 
> IIS application pools use special accounts that do not appear in the list of users.
> To add them to the Performance Monitoring Users group,
> look for `IIS APPPOOL\<name of the pool>`.
> For instance, the user for the DefaultAppPool would be `IIS APPPOOL\DefaultAppPool`.
> 
> This can be done either from the "Computer Management" UI,
> or from an administrator command prompt:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The .NET Framework collects metrics using performance counters. 
To let service accounts and IIS application pool accounts access counter data, 
add them to the `Performance Monitoring Users` group.

IIS application pools use special accounts that don't appear in the list 
of users. To add IIS application pool accounts to the `Performance Monitoring Users`
group, search for `IIS APPPOOL\<name-of-the-pool>`. For example, the user for 
the `DefaultAppPool` pool is `IIS APPPOOL\DefaultAppPool`.

The following example shows how to add an IIS application pool account to 
the `Performance Monitoring Users` group from a command prompt with 
Administrator permissions:
```
